---
layout: post
title:  "Borderlands 2 JP VO/EN Dub"
categories: gaming
---

[Attachment.zip](Attachment.zip)

How to Borderlands 2 Japanese Voiceover/Dub with English subtitle
This folder only contain JP audio only, and part of The Handsome Collection

Assume you are already unpack/unzip this folder at the time of reading this

Copy all the FOLDER (select all, EXCEPT Japanese folder)
and paste inside your Borderlands 2 DLC folder
`..\SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\Borderlands 2\DLC`

Copy ONLY Japanese folder and paste inside CookedPCConsole

`..\SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\Borderlands 2\WillowGame\CookedPCConsole`

Copy WillowEngine.ini file and paste inside your local game directory
TIP: You can make a BACKUP your current .ini by just rename it to
something like `WillowEngine-backup.ini` in case you want to revert it back later.

`C:\Users\<your username>\Documents\My Games\Borderlands 2\WillowGame\Config`

PS and Question:

(+)WillowEngine.ini changes the default voiceover/dub inside the game.

(?)-Will this work if I only have the base game and `The Season Pass`?

(+) It should work though. The season pass is just bundled dlc afaik.
You can try it.

(?)-Will this work if I have mod installed?

(+)-I don't know, I'm not playing with mod. You can try it.

(?)-How I revert back to English dub?

(+)-Try delete the `WillowEngine.ini`, and rename the backup file. If it didn't
work, try to Verify the game file in Steam. Expect 1.5GiB file re-download.
It will re-download english dub.

If you want full more detailed guide visit the link below
(not created by me, instead this is the tldr ver of that page)
[https://steamcommunity.com/app/49520/discussions/0/490121928337536889/](https://steamcommunity.com/app/49520/discussions/0/490121928337536889/)

Have a question drop a comment on my [steam profile](
https://steamcommunity.com/id/animalizers)